[Music]
10 mysterious photos that still can't be
explained every picture has a story well
some of these stories are only
interesting to your friends or family
some images gave birth to endless
discussions and made history they were
taken by ordinary people and certainly
weren't edited right-side collected 10
historical photos that look like
fantastic movie shots prepare to be
amazed and you will see evidence of time
travel ghost photos and pyramids on the
moon number 1 a monster off the coast of
hook Island
do you believe monsters like the famous
Scottish Nessie are real or do you
prefer to think they only live in our
imagination in any case it looks like
one of them was caught on camera in
Australia years ago many people on the
internet believe this picture was
photoshopped however it was taken long
before Photoshop was created in 1965 the
photographer Robert lacera noticed a
suspicious object near Hook island in
Australia he immediately took a photo of
the monster which is still the subject
of zoologist discussions
[Music]
number two estulin Valley lights this
shot was taken by a Norwegian
photographer with a 30 second exposure
it isn't the only evidence of the
existence of strange luminous objects
flying over the Hestia land valley in
central norway people living in the
valley first noticed and reported these
strange lights in 1981 spectral analysis
shows that this object consists of
silicon iron and scandium scientists
still have many questions about it what
are these lights are they dangerous to
humans can they become a new energy
source let's see if we can get these
questions answered
since observations of the lights
continued number three black night this
unidentified object was first captured
by an artificial satellite in 1960 NASA
specialists immediately named it black
night since then the mysterious object
keeps appearing and disappearing from
the Earth's orbit there is a whole
satellite conspiracy theory about it
it says the aliens are spying on us
using this aircraft scientists say this
is a fragment of artificial origin well
the alien version sounds pretty cool
doesn't it
number four babushka lady really on
November 22nd 1963 the American
President John Kennedy was shot dead in
Dallas there are still many unanswered
questions connected with this
assassination one of them has to do with
a mysterious woman holding a camera in
one hand she was caught on camera by
some photographers the woman was wearing
a headscarf
in an old Russian lady's manner so she
was nicknamed babushka lady special
services were trying to find her for a
long time since she may have captured
the president's assassination on camera
however all attempts to establish her
identity were unsuccessful who was she
why did she choose to disappear from the
public eye we have no answers for these
questions so off we go
number five the falling man the shot was
taken by photographer Richard drew on
the day of the terrorist attack on
September 11th the photo of the falling
man went viral and made it to many new
sources worldwide in a matter of hours
the body position of the man in the
picture was considered strange by many
people since he was falling almost
straightened up which is extremely
difficult to do the identity of the man
in the photo is still a mystery although
many Americans claim they recognized
their relative in this picture the
picture became very popular and the
Discovery Channel even filmed a
documentary about it in 2007
[Music]
number six tank man every war has its
unknown heroes and so does every riot
this photo was taken in Beijing during
the riots of 1989 in Tiananmen Square an
unknown young man held up the columns of
Tanks for half an hour blocking the way
with his body it's still a mystery who
that man was
or what happened to him after some
people believe he was executed a few
days later for taking part in the
protest some sources say he's still
alive in fact he may not have been the
only protester standing in tanks way
that day but this very picture became
the symbol of Tiananmen Square events
and one of the most famous photographs
of the 20th century number seven a cell
phone in Chaplin's movie we all love
some good old black-and-white movies
don't we especially when it comes to
movies with Charlie Chaplin in them in
2010 a DVD with bonus frames from the
filming of Charlie Chaplin's 1928 movie
the circus was released one of the
frames shows a woman holding something
very similar to a modern cellphone
director George Clark claimed he found
these frames to be proof of time travel
many skeptics are sure this shot is just
a dull marketing hook but wouldn't it be
awesome if time-travel existed
[Music]
Newbury astronaut from solway firth this
picture might look like an average happy
child in a summer field photo if you
give it a second chance however you will
see why it made it to our selection of
mysterious pictures in 1964 Jim
Templeton took a photo of his
five-year-old daughter in the
countryside Jim and his wife said they
noticed something unusual in the air
that day something like an electric
charge a few days later when the film
was developed it was clear there was
something extraordinary about the shot a
figure of a man wearing a silver
spacesuit is clearly seen in the
background it came as a huge surprise to
the family who denied the presence of
that man or any other man in the field
neither the police nor Kodak experts who
were informed about the situation could
solve the mystery of the picture of the
space man who photobomb the Templeton's
[Music]
number nine sir Goddard's squadron there
is one strange photograph in the photo
album of Sir Goddard's squadron who
fought in the First World War
if you look closely at the back row of
soldiers you'll see an extra face behind
the fourth soldier on the left it is the
reason this picture became so incredibly
popular and a topic of many discussions
the person with a ghostly face is Freddy
Jackson who died two days before the
picture was taken
apparently he decided to be in the group
picture anyway
even though it was taken exactly on the
day of his funeral you can believe this
story or be skeptical about but there
are people out there who do research on
ghost photos and find it possible for a
human spirit to be caught on camera and
number 10 pyramids on the moon this
picture was taken during the mission
Apollo 17 it was the last mission NASA
sent to the moon in December 1972
astronauts were actively taking pictures
using Hasselblad cameras during the
mission some of them were just good
material for space exploration science
but one turned out to be unique it might
look like an average overexposed photo
and it was first listed as such in the
archives however if you take a second
closer look you will find something
amazing about it you will see outlines
of two triangular structures looking
very much like the Pyramids of Giza what
did these pyramids symbolize that the
Egyptians travel to the moon to build
them do aliens know a similar
construction technology do King Tut and
ety share the same birthday these
questions have not yet been answered
don't forget to click subscribe and give
thumbs up if you've enjoyed this video
join us on the bright side of life